docs/USER-GUIDE.md, before:

# Fairdrive User Guide

Welcome to the Fairdrive User Guide! This guide will walk you through all the features of Fairdrive and how to use them.

## Table of Contents

- [Creating an Account](#creating-an-account)
- [Logging In](#logging-in)
- [Managing Your Profile](#managing-your-profile)
- [Creating a Pod](#creating-a-pod)
- [Managing Files and Directories](#managing-files-and-directories)
- [Searching](#searching)
- [Changing the Theme](#changing-the-theme)
- [Getting Help](#getting-help)

## Creating an Account

To use Fairdrive, you'll need to create an account. Here's how:

1. Go to the Fairdrive website.
2. Click on the "Sign Up" button.
3. Fill out the registration form with your details.
4. Click "Submit" to create your account.

## Logging In

Once you've created your account, you can log in to Fairdrive:

1. Go to the Fairdrive website.
2. Click on the "Log In" button.
3. Enter your username and password.
4. Click "Submit" to log in.

## Managing Your Profile

You can update your profile information at any time:

1. Click on your username in the top right corner of the screen.
2. Select "Profile" from the dropdown menu.
3. Make any changes you want to your profile.
4. Click "Save" to update your profile.

## Creating a Pod

To create a new pod:

1. Go to the "Pods" section.
2. Click on the "New Pod" button.
3. Enter a name for your pod.
4. Click "Create" to create your pod.

## Managing Files and Directories

To create a new file or directory:

1. Navigate to the pod where you want to create the file or directory.
2. Click on the "New" button.
3. Select "File" or "Directory".
4. Enter a name for your file or directory.
5. Click "Create" to create your file or directory.

To delete a file or directory:

1. Navigate to the file or directory you want to delete.
2. Click on the "Options" button.
3. Select "Delete".
4. Confirm that you want to delete the file or directory.

## Searching

To search your pods, files, and directories:

1. Enter your search query in the search bar at the top of the screen.
2. Press "Enter" to search.

## Changing the Theme

To change the theme of Fairdrive:

1. Click on your username in the top right corner of the screen.
2. Select "Settings" from the dropdown menu.
3. Select "Theme".
4. Choose the theme you want to use.

## Getting Help

If you need help using Fairdrive, check out our [FAQ](FAQ.md). 
See [Design](DESIGN.md), [Functionality](FUNCTIONALITY.md) or [Architecture](ARCHITECTURE.md). 
If you can't find the answer to your question, feel free to [contact us](CONTACT.md).

We hope you enjoy using Fairdrive!

Commit message:

added development links to footers

docs/USER-GUIDE.md, after:

# Fairdrive User Guide

Welcome to the Fairdrive User Guide! This guide will walk you through all the features of Fairdrive and how to use them.

## Table of Contents

- [Creating an Account](#creating-an-account)
- [Logging In](#logging-in)
- [Managing Your Profile](#managing-your-profile)
- [Creating a Pod](#creating-a-pod)
- [Managing Files and Directories](#managing-files-and-directories)
- [Searching](#searching)
- [Changing the Theme](#changing-the-theme)
- [Getting Help](#getting-help)

## Creating an Account

To use Fairdrive, you'll need to create an account. Here's how:

1. Go to the Fairdrive website.
2. Click on the "Sign Up" button.
3. Fill out the registration form with your details.
4. Click "Submit" to create your account.

## Logging In

Once you've created your account, you can log in to Fairdrive:

1. Go to the Fairdrive website.
2. Click on the "Log In" button.
3. Enter your username and password.
4. Click "Submit" to log in.

## Managing Your Profile

You can update your profile information at any time:

1. Click on your username in the top right corner of the screen.
2. Select "Profile" from the dropdown menu.
3. Make any changes you want to your profile.
4. Click "Save" to update your profile.

## Creating a Pod

To create a new pod:

1. Go to the "Pods" section.
2. Click on the "New Pod" button.
3. Enter a name for your pod.
4. Click "Create" to create your pod.

## Managing Files and Directories

To create a new file or directory:

1. Navigate to the pod where you want to create the file or directory.
2. Click on the "New" button.
3. Select "File" or "Directory".
4. Enter a name for your file or directory.
5. Click "Create" to create your file or directory.

To delete a file or directory:

1. Navigate to the file or directory you want to delete.
2. Click on the "Options" button.
3. Select "Delete".
4. Confirm that you want to delete the file or directory.

## Searching

To search your pods, files, and directories:

1. Enter your search query in the search bar at the top of the screen.
2. Press "Enter" to search.

## Changing the Theme

To change the theme of Fairdrive:

1. Click on your username in the top right corner of the screen.
2. Select "Settings" from the dropdown menu.
3. Select "Theme".
4. Choose the theme you want to use.

## Getting Help

## Getting Help

If you need help using Fairdrive, check out our [User Guide](USER-GUIDE.md) and [FAQ](FAQ.md). 
Start [here](GETTING-STARTED.md) or see [Design](DESIGN.md), [Functionality](FUNCTIONALITY.md) or [Architecture](ARCHITECTURE.md). 
Developers can check [Development Instructions](DEVELOPMENT.md).

If you can't find the answer to your question, feel free to [contact us](CONTACT.md).

We hope you enjoy using Fairdrive!
